README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Sachin Dapkara 👋

## About Me 🚀

- 🎓 Currently pursuing B.Tech (Computer Science) at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Lucknow.
- 👨‍💻 Backend Developer, AI Enthusiast.
- 🌐 Recognized among the top 30 open source contributors at Winter of Code 3.0, Winner of OverEngineered.
- 🏆 Coordinator of the App Dev Wing at Axios IIITL.
- 🌐 Passionate about learning new technologies and delving deep into already learned ones.
- 📝 Hobbies include writing, reading, photography, editing, designing, and singing (lately).

<br>

## Socials 🌐
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/superior_sd10) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/sachin-dapkara) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/superiorsd10) [![Quora](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quora-%23B92B27.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Quora&logoColor=white)](https://quora.com/profile/sachin-dapkara)

<br>

## Tech Stack 💻

##### 🤖 Artificial Intelligence and Bots 
![ChatGPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/chatGPT-74aa9c?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white) ![Dependabot](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependabot-025E8C?style=for-the-badge&logo=dependabot&logoColor=white)

##### 🔬 CI
![TravisCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/travis%20ci-%232B2F33.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=travis&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)

##### 💾 Databases
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) 

##### 🎨 Design
![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

##### 🧑‍💻 Developer/Forums
![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=#d16c06) 

##### 📚 Frameworks, Platforms and Libraries
![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Celery](https://img.shields.io/badge/celery-%23a9cc54.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=celery&logoColor=ddf4a4) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Zod](https://img.shields.io/badge/zod-%233068b7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=zod&logoColor=white)

##### ☁️ Hosting/SaaS
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![PythonAnywhere](https://img.shields.io/badge/pythonanywhere-%232F9FD7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pythonanywhere&logoColor=151515) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

##### 💻 IDEs/Editors
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white) ![Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-DD1200?style=for-the-badge&logo=Replit&logoColor=white) ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white)

##### 📋 Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/yaml-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yaml&logoColor=151515) 

##### 🎋 ORM
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)

##### 🥅 Other
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 

##### ✨ Servers
![Gunicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/gunicorn-%298729.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gunicorn&logoColor=white)

##### 🕓 Version Control
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

<br>

## Open Source Contributions 🌐

| S.No. | Organization | Project      | Link to PRs | Link to Created Issues |
|-------|--------------|--------------|-------------|-------------------------|
| 1     | CCExtractor  | ultimate_alarm_clock      | [PRs](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ultimate_alarm_clock/pulls?q=is:pr+author:superiorsd10+is:closed) | [Issues](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ultimate_alarm_clock/issues?q=is:issue+is:closed+author:superiorsd10)         |
| 2     | Welltested-AI| FlutterGPT      | [PRs](https://github.com/Welltested-AI/fluttergpt/pulls?q=is:pr+is:closed+author:superiorsd10) | [Issues](https://github.com/Welltested-AI/fluttergpt/issues?q=is:issue+is:closed+author:superiorsd10)         |

<br>

## GitHub Stats 📊
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=superiorsd10&theme=great-gatsby&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=superiorsd10&theme=great-gatsby&hide_border=false)<br/>

<br>

## Random Dev Quote ✍️
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

<br>

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=superiorsd10&icon=2&color=12)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Commit message:

feat(README): remove appd coordi, add amazon ml challenge rank

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Sachin Dapkara 👋

## About Me 🚀

- 🎓 Currently pursuing B.Tech (Computer Science) at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Lucknow.
- 👨‍💻 Backend Developer, System Design & AI Enthusiast.
- 📈 Ranked 77 out of 74,000+ participants in the Amazon ML Challenge.
- 🌐 Recognized among the top 30 open source contributors at Winter of Code 3.0, Winner of OverEngineered.
- 🌐 Passionate about learning new technologies and delving deep into already learned ones.
- 📝 Hobbies include writing, reading, photography, editing, designing, and singing (lately).

<br>

## Socials 🌐
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/superior_sd10) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/sachin-dapkara) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/superiorsd10) [![Quora](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quora-%23B92B27.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Quora&logoColor=white)](https://quora.com/profile/sachin-dapkara)

<br>

## Tech Stack 💻

##### 🤖 Artificial Intelligence and Bots 
![ChatGPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/chatGPT-74aa9c?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white) ![Dependabot](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependabot-025E8C?style=for-the-badge&logo=dependabot&logoColor=white)

##### 🔬 CI
![TravisCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/travis%20ci-%232B2F33.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=travis&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)

##### 💾 Databases
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) 

##### 🎨 Design
![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

##### 🧑‍💻 Developer/Forums
![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=#d16c06) 

##### 📚 Frameworks, Platforms and Libraries
![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Celery](https://img.shields.io/badge/celery-%23a9cc54.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=celery&logoColor=ddf4a4) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Zod](https://img.shields.io/badge/zod-%233068b7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=zod&logoColor=white)

##### ☁️ Hosting/SaaS
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![PythonAnywhere](https://img.shields.io/badge/pythonanywhere-%232F9FD7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pythonanywhere&logoColor=151515) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

##### 💻 IDEs/Editors
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white) ![Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-DD1200?style=for-the-badge&logo=Replit&logoColor=white) ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white)

##### 📋 Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/yaml-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yaml&logoColor=151515) 

##### 🎋 ORM
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)

##### 🥅 Other
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 

##### ✨ Servers
![Gunicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/gunicorn-%298729.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gunicorn&logoColor=white)

##### 🕓 Version Control
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

<br>

## Open Source Contributions 🌐

| S.No. | Organization | Project      | Link to PRs | Link to Created Issues |
|-------|--------------|--------------|-------------|-------------------------|
| 1     | CCExtractor  | ultimate_alarm_clock      | [PRs](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ultimate_alarm_clock/pulls?q=is:pr+author:superiorsd10+is:closed) | [Issues](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ultimate_alarm_clock/issues?q=is:issue+is:closed+author:superiorsd10)         |
| 2     | Welltested-AI| FlutterGPT      | [PRs](https://github.com/Welltested-AI/fluttergpt/pulls?q=is:pr+is:closed+author:superiorsd10) | [Issues](https://github.com/Welltested-AI/fluttergpt/issues?q=is:issue+is:closed+author:superiorsd10)         |

<br>

## GitHub Stats 📊
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=superiorsd10&theme=great-gatsby&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=superiorsd10&theme=great-gatsby&hide_border=false)<br/>

<br>

## Random Dev Quote ✍️
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

<br>

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=superiorsd10&icon=2&color=12)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
